#Book Shelf Project

##What I did well and not so well

- Not a whole lot. I spent the majority of the week trying to learn react myself and found myself lost for the entire week except for maybe Thursday when we went over routing. I understood that concept (at least the syntax of it) and that was really the only part of the project I could of any use on. Since I was sick the previous Friday, I was already at a delay on the project and struggled to get up to speed with my comprehension of react. As far as making the webpage open up to another page I was completely lost. I watched and observed as Edward coded and put together our webpage and asked him a million questions to try and help myself understand. Parts of it made sense, but I ultimately determined it be better for myself to wtch and take notes on the 5 hour video of React which I found to be quite helpful but struggled more and more with as the video got further in depth. I am still working on that video now and plan on finishing it all the way through.

## Additional Thoughts

- I find myself struggling again with the lessons in this class. I have found the best way that I learn is teaching myself as well as having someone close to me who knows the material that I can recite to what I have learned and they can confrim that my understanding is correct, or tell me where my confusion is coming from and try to help me. But with learning the material myself, I am unable to do so in a timely manner that keeps me from falling further behind as we contine through more and more concepts and lessons in JS. Even all the time I spend outside of class trying to learn the material is to no avail in keeping me up with the speed of the course. Simply put, I do not believe there are enough hours in the day for me personally to fully comprehend the material and be ready for the next lesson, which more times than not builds off the previous day's lesson. But I'll continue to keep my head down and work and just trust that things will get better.